README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="http://mathlab.github.io/PyDMD/" target="_blank" >
    <img alt="Python Dynamic Mode Decomposition" src="readme/logo_PyDMD.png" width="200" />
  </a>
</p>
<p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/mathLab/PyDMD/blob/master/LICENSE" target="_blank">
        <img alt="Software License" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square">
    </a>
	<a href="https://badge.fury.io/py/pydmd">
		<img src="https://badge.fury.io/py/pydmd.svg" alt="PyPI version"
		height="18">
	</a>
    <a href="https://travis-ci.org/mathLab/PyDMD" target="_blank">
        <img alt="Build Status" src="https://travis-ci.org/mathLab/PyDMD.svg">
    </a>
    <a href="https://coveralls.io/github/mathLab/PyDMD" target="_blank">
        <img alt="Coverage Status" src="https://coveralls.io/repos/github/mathLab/PyDMD/badge.svg">
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.codacy.com/app/mathLab/PyDMD?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=mathLab/PyDMD&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade" target="_blank">
        <img alt="Codacy Badge" src="https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/75f02cdeed684c25a273eaffb0d89880">
    </a>
</p>


**PyDMD**: Python Dynamic Mode Decomposition

## Description

## Dependencies and installation

The official distribution is on GitHub, and you can clone the repository using

```bash
> git clone https://github.com/mathLab/PyDMD
```

To install the package just type:

```bash
> python setup.py install
```

To uninstall the package you have to rerun the installation and record the installed files in order to remove them:

```bash
> python setup.py install --record installed_files.txt
> cat installed_files.txt | xargs rm -rf
```


## Authors and contributors
**PyDMD** is currently developed and mantained at [SISSA mathLab](http://mathlab.sissa.it/) by
* [Marco Tezzele](mailto:marcotez@gmail.com)
* [Nicola Demo](mailto:demo.nicola@gmail.com)

under the supervision of [Prof. Gianluigi Rozza](mailto:gianluigi.rozza@sissa.it).

Contact us by email for further information or questions about **PyDMD**, or suggest pull requests. Contributions improving either the code or the documentation are welcome!


## How to contribute
We'd love to accept your patches and contributions to this project. There are
just a few small guidelines you need to follow.

### Submitting a patch

  1. It's generally best to start by opening a new issue describing the bug or
     feature you're intending to fix.  Even if you think it's relatively minor,
     it's helpful to know what people are working on.  Mention in the initial
     issue that you are planning to work on that bug or feature so that it can
     be assigned to you.

  2. Follow the normal process of [forking][] the project, and setup a new
     branch to work in.  It's important that each group of changes be done in
     separate branches in order to ensure that a pull request only includes the
     commits related to that bug or feature.

  3. To ensure properly formatted code, please make sure to use a tab of 4
     spaces to indent the code. The easy way is to run on your bash the provided
     script: ./code_formatter.sh. You should also run [pylint][] over your code.
     It's not strictly necessary that your code be completely "lint-free",
     but this will help you find common style issues.

  4. Any significant changes should almost always be accompanied by tests.  The
     project already has good test coverage, so look at some of the existing
     tests if you're unsure how to go about it. We're using [coveralls][] that
     is an invaluable tools for seeing which parts of your code aren't being
     exercised by your tests.

  5. Do your best to have [well-formed commit messages][] for each change.
     This provides consistency throughout the project, and ensures that commit
     messages are able to be formatted properly by various git tools.

  6. Finally, push the commits to your fork and submit a [pull request][]. Please,
     remember to rebase properly in order to maintain a clean, linear git history.

[forking]: https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo
[pylint]: https://www.pylint.org/
[coveralls]: https://coveralls.io
[well-formed commit messages]: http://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html
[pull request]: https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request


## License

See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for license rights and limitations (MIT).

Commit message:

Installation, testing and description sections in readme

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="http://mathlab.github.io/PyDMD/" target="_blank" >
    <img alt="Python Dynamic Mode Decomposition" src="readme/logo_PyDMD.png" width="200" />
  </a>
</p>
<p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/mathLab/PyDMD/blob/master/LICENSE" target="_blank">
        <img alt="Software License" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square">
    </a>
	<a href="https://badge.fury.io/py/pydmd">
		<img src="https://badge.fury.io/py/pydmd.svg" alt="PyPI version"
		height="18">
	</a>
    <a href="https://travis-ci.org/mathLab/PyDMD" target="_blank">
        <img alt="Build Status" src="https://travis-ci.org/mathLab/PyDMD.svg">
    </a>
    <a href="https://coveralls.io/github/mathLab/PyDMD" target="_blank">
        <img alt="Coverage Status" src="https://coveralls.io/repos/github/mathLab/PyDMD/badge.svg">
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.codacy.com/app/mathLab/PyDMD?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=mathLab/PyDMD&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade" target="_blank">
        <img alt="Codacy Badge" src="https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/75f02cdeed684c25a273eaffb0d89880">
    </a>
</p>


**PyDMD**: Python Dynamic Mode Decomposition

## Description
**PyDMD** is a Python package that uses **Dynamic Mode Decomposition** for a
data-driven model simplification based on spatiotemporal coherent structures.

## Dependencies and installation
**PyDMD** requires requires `numpy`, `scipy`, `matplotlib`, `sphinx` (for the
		documentation). The code is compatible with Python 2.7 and Python 3.6.
It can be installed using `pip` or directly from the source code.

### Installing via PIP
Mac and Linux users can install pre-built binary packages using pip. To install
**PyDMD** using pip, just type:
```bash
> pip install pydmd
```

### Installing from source

The official distribution is on GitHub, and you can clone the repository using

```bash
> git clone https://github.com/mathLab/PyDMD
```

To install the package just type:

```bash
> python setup.py install
```

To uninstall the package you have to rerun the installation and record the installed files in order to remove them:

```bash
> python setup.py install --record installed_files.txt
> cat installed_files.txt | xargs rm -rf
```

## Testing

We are using Travis CI for continuous intergration testing. You can check out
the current status [here](https://travis-ci.org/mathLab/PyDMD).

To run tests locally:

```bash
> python test.py
```

## Authors and contributors
**PyDMD** is currently developed and mantained at [SISSA mathLab](http://mathlab.sissa.it/) by
* [Marco Tezzele](mailto:marcotez@gmail.com)
* [Nicola Demo](mailto:demo.nicola@gmail.com)

under the supervision of [Prof. Gianluigi Rozza](mailto:gianluigi.rozza@sissa.it).

Contact us by email for further information or questions about **PyDMD**, or suggest pull requests. Contributions improving either the code or the documentation are welcome!


## How to contribute
We'd love to accept your patches and contributions to this project. There are
just a few small guidelines you need to follow.

### Submitting a patch

  1. It's generally best to start by opening a new issue describing the bug or
     feature you're intending to fix.  Even if you think it's relatively minor,
     it's helpful to know what people are working on.  Mention in the initial
     issue that you are planning to work on that bug or feature so that it can
     be assigned to you.

  2. Follow the normal process of [forking][] the project, and setup a new
     branch to work in.  It's important that each group of changes be done in
     separate branches in order to ensure that a pull request only includes the
     commits related to that bug or feature.

  3. To ensure properly formatted code, please make sure to use a tab of 4
     spaces to indent the code. The easy way is to run on your bash the provided
     script: ./code_formatter.sh. You should also run [pylint][] over your code.
     It's not strictly necessary that your code be completely "lint-free",
     but this will help you find common style issues.

  4. Any significant changes should almost always be accompanied by tests.  The
     project already has good test coverage, so look at some of the existing
     tests if you're unsure how to go about it. We're using [coveralls][] that
     is an invaluable tools for seeing which parts of your code aren't being
     exercised by your tests.

  5. Do your best to have [well-formed commit messages][] for each change.
     This provides consistency throughout the project, and ensures that commit
     messages are able to be formatted properly by various git tools.

  6. Finally, push the commits to your fork and submit a [pull request][]. Please,
     remember to rebase properly in order to maintain a clean, linear git history.

[forking]: https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo
[pylint]: https://www.pylint.org/
[coveralls]: https://coveralls.io
[well-formed commit messages]: http://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html
[pull request]: https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request


## License

See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for license rights and limitations (MIT).
